`net.box` connection object triggers bugfixes (#9838)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9677-netbox-on_disconnect-error-behaviour.md

## bugfix/lua

> * Fixed inconsistency between documented `on_disconnect` trigger behaviour of
>   `net.box` connections when an error is thrown and actual behaviour (gh-9717).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an inconsistency between the documented `on_disconnect` trigger behavior of
  `net.box` connections when an error is thrown and the actual behavior (gh-9717).
```

Author: Fixed.
